Fixed #34678 -- Added Django Forum and Discord server to README.rst. (#17008)
django/django: README.rst

To get more help:

* Join the `Django Discord <https://discord.gg/xcRH6mN4fa>`_. Lots of helpful
  people hang out there.

* Post on the `Django forum <https://forum.djangoproject.com/>`_ with a
  description of your problem or query.

* Visit the `Django community <https://www.djangoproject.com/community/>`_

>   page for details of more ways to get in touch with other Django users.

Reviewer: We could add a forum, but I don't see a reason to remove the IRC channel.

Author: Thanks for your feedback! Changed.

To get more help:

* Join the ``#django`` channel on ``irc.libera.chat``. Lots of helpful people
  hang out there. `Webchat is available <https://web.libera.chat/#django>`_.

* Join the django-users mailing list, or read the archives, at
  https://groups.google.com/group/django-users.

> * We've also got the `Django Discord <https://discord.gg/xcRH6mN4fa>`_ and the
>   `Django forum <https://forum.djangoproject.com/>`_.

Reviewer: _"to get more help: We've also got"_ doesn't sound good to me, maybe
```suggestion
* Join the `Django Discord Community <https://discord.gg/xcRH6mN4fa>`_.

* Join the community on the `Django Forum <https://forum.djangoproject.com/>`_.
```
